Update shots.md (#659)
missionpinball/mpf-docs: docs/config/shots.md

### enable_events:

Comma separated list of one (or more) device control events
([Instructions for entering device control events](instructions/device_control_events.md)). Defaults to empty.

Default: `None`

Events in this list, when posted, enable this shot. If a shot is not
enabled, then hits to it have no effect. (e.g. The shot will remain in

> whatever state it's in.) If this setting is ommitted then the shot is enabled by default, if that setting is used the shot is by default disabled and will only be enabled once an enable event will occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
whatever state it's in.) If this setting is omitted, the shot is enabled by default. However if any value is set for "enable_events:", the shot will be disabled by default and will only be enabled once an enable event occurs.
```
